---
css: "MinuteStyle.css"
id: 20210224151759
---
![](./TheBirdsmall.png){.center}

# Kalamunda Districts<br>Ratepayers &  Residents<br>Association (Inc)
### Minutes (Annual General Meeting)<br>Falls Farm, 41 Cagney Way Lesmurdie<br>Thursday 5 August 2021<br>Meeting Opened: 7.12pm

#### Attendees:
<div class='small'>
Peter Forrest; Nat Coppin; Gail Evans; Andrea Balfe; Bev Dornan; John Edmonds; Pauline Tonkin; Greg Schofield.
</div>

#### Apologies:
Ron Davey.

#### Subscriptions{.item}
<div class='motion'>
Motion that subscriptions continue to roll-over. 
</div>
<div class='movers small'>
Mover: Pauline Tonkin  
Seconded: Gail Evans  
_Motion Supported_
</div>

All ten member from last year are all carried through for the next year.

#### Dissolution of the KDRRA?{.item}
 Discussion:  
 Peter Forrest refers to the constitution of the KDRRA and objectives discontinued if it is dissolved and if continued has to be adjusted to meeting those objectives. 
 
 Pauline Tonkin replies that the only question is whether we dissolve or not. 
 
 Bev Dornan stated that the other alternative is to simply freeze the organisation for a year and revisit the issue. Several voices support her proposition.

Greg Schofield, replies that  the Covid crisis, we have to have the AGMs as a legal requirement, we can decide not to have any meeting at this AGM until July 2022. No money is to be spent, everyone remains responsible for their areas of responsibility, unless some urgent natter arises, then the committee can call a meeting (the elected officials from this meeting, plus a committed member). 

Pauline raises the question of liabilities?

Greg replies that as is a voluntary organisation we have no statutory responsibilities, tax or other financial liabilities.

Peter states that we are bound by the incorporation guides. 

Greg replies that under law if we have a good reason; under Covid restrictions that decisions made in one meeting are not likely to be fulfilled by the next meeting. An opinion confirmed by several at the meeting that Covid covers such a decision.

Nat as sitting Chair rules that Covid has given us a lot of leeway.

Peter asks whether the acting officers would be prepared to continue under these conditions.

Greg as acting secretary mentions there are nomination for those positions that can be elected at this meeting, if the organisation is not dissolved. Pat states the we need to have elections.

Nat as sitting chair rules that if the AGM stands tonight then we would elect officers for the organisation even during a period of suspension.

Greg thanks Andrea Balfe for her voluntary work as a treasurer, which may be an exception to transfer the account, Andrea suggests as nothing will be done in the period she is prepared to remain in-situ.

The motion to dissolve falls if it is not moved or seconded, the sitting Chair only needs to put this new motion on the table and it supersedes the other also.

<div class='motion'>  
Motion that the KDRRA be suspended for twelve months, unless there is a good and urgent reason for a meeting as decided by the committee. Fees are suspended for that time. The next meeting in twelve months or until the next AGM.
</div>
<div class='movers small'>
Mover: Greg Schofield  
Seconded: Pauline  Tonkin  
_Unanimous decision_  
</div>

#### Treasurerâ€™s report{.item}
Open balance last year December $2,627.30, a membership fee of $200  for a closing balance of $2,827.30, that figure stands today. Current membership of ten.

#### Election of office holders{.item}

Nominations:  
Nat Coppin for the position of Chairperson.  
Ron Davey for the position of Deputy Chairperson.  
Greg Schofield  for the position of Secretary.  
Honorary Treasurer Andrea Balfe.  
Committe members Gail Evens and Pauline Tonkin.

As the positions are without contention, and the organisation is in suspension it was suggested that the list, rather than individual ballots be voted on by a show of hand.

<div class='movers small'>
_Unanimously confirmed_
</div>

#### Facebook report & discussion{.item}
Nat Coppin as editor does not want to leave it stagnant. Peter Forrest suggest it should be controlled by the committee. In reply because we are suspended everyone is free to act individually, including Nat just as anyone can go to a Council Meeting. For information on local affairs it has its role, for community comment.

Nat made a report on some recent news about the Kalamunda water park he posted on facebook, boosting the post reached 8,700  people and  others shared the article, suggestion that the reduced state due to Covid could be noted on the page.

#### Meeting closes